Descriptions of scripts in this folder

Many of these scripts were generated by ChatGPT and adjusted in order to meet our needs. 

- `search.py`: Code used to search through memory starting at a specific address. Uses all 6 cores to search (incrementing each core at a different address). You can specify a string to look for (i.e, root has like `root:$y$`)

- `find_kernel_gadget.sh`: Search the vmlinux for the kernel gadgets the paper used. We use the 5.19.0-28 kernel version that the authors used. This step was to see what the assembly code actually looked like

To gather metrics to compare to paper:
- `run_inception_stats.sh`: Run inception attack on the kmod example 50x and tee to a file
- `inception_results.log`: The results of our 50 run example
- `analyze_results.py`: Python script used to gather metrics from the log file. It looks for: # KASLR breaks, time to break KASLR, number of bytes/s the leak achieved, and how accurate the byte measurement were 

To try and see if we can read `/etc/shadow`. We were trying to determine where it would be in memory. In short, without any hints, it was a very hard (and long) task to try and find the root hash. After inputing a bad password, the root hash should be somewhere in memory, but we were unable to do so. As a result, we tried to use `sudo vmtouch -l /etc/shadow` to keep the file in page cache, and then used the scripts below to try and determine what address we should search from 
- `get_pfn.py`: Helper script that helped us get the physmap address of a virtual address of a PID
- `mmap_to_phys.py`: Helper script that grabbed the virtual address of a PID (from mmap for example)
 
